Little brat
Old man, I'm making you passionate
If you really want to live
It depends on whether you are brave enough.
Grandpa, grandpa, what do you want me to do?
I'm going to let them fight the ghosts
Fighting ghosts is right
You find tolerance for that scourge is very fierce
Want to live
You must find a more fierce master than him
Where can I find a more fierce master?
It will be dawn.
You go to the east end of the village to find Li Ergou
No matter what method you use
Be sure to let him follow you to the back mountain
Eat less three kinds of incense
See everyone and lose
Get ready to knock Li Xueyan
Li Ergou is not good enough with his brain
Mouth is so dirty
I'm afraid it will be bad to take him with you.
Make you understand shit
As the old saying goes, if you kill a pig, you don't kill very many pigs.
Those who keep the village do not keep the village with medicine
Every village has such a caretaker
They were born short.
But
They can absorb the unknowns of the village like this
Or disaster Li Ergou is the villager
Well, that's right, otherwise he scolded your ghost daughter-in-law
Why did you have a little mold?
I'll wait now.
You take these three sticks of incense and light him after entering the mountain
If he burned two short and one long in front of some grave
Remember whose grave this is
Then come back quickly
Go, go, go, grandpa has such a big idea
Let me do things too, can't you burn high incense? Go